Code	Sentence1	Sentence2	Noun	Context	Type	Filler	SoundFile	Intonation
backpack+negative+negative	That is a backpack.	It has zippers that all broke after one week of use, and the bottom tore open one week later!	backpack	negative	artifact	no	backpack-11-some-neg.mp3	negative
cellphone+negative+negative	That is a cellphone.	It can't hold a charge for more than a few hours, and it can't seem to ever get a decent signal so I can never get or send messages when I need to!	cellphone	negative	artifact	no	cellphone-12-some-neg.mp3	negative
computer+negative+negative	This is my computer.	It restarts at random moments and doesn't autosave files, plus it makes a really loud whirring noise whenever it is on!	computer	negative	artifact	no	computer-11-some-neg.mp3	negative
headphones+negative+negative	Those are my headphones.	They never stay in place for an entire song, plus the bass is inaudible and the cable broke after just one month!	headphones	negative	artifact	no	headphones-11-some-neg.mp3	negative
knife+negative+negative	That is my knife.	It was so dull after its third use, it couldn't cut a carrot!	knife	negative	artifact	no	knife-11-some-neg.mp3	negative
mug+negative+negative	This is a mug.	It never keeps coffee hot for very long and it's a little leaky on the bottom.	mug	negative	artifact	no	mug-11-some-neg.mp3	negative
notebook+negative+negative	This is a notebook	The paper is so thin that I can see my writing on the other side and the ink always smears.	notebook	negative	artifact	no	notebook-11-some-neg.mp3	negative
pen+negative+negative	That is a pen.	The ink always dries on the tip so that it barely writes, and even when it does write, it never feels very smooth.	pen	negative	artifact	no	pen-12-some-neg.mp3	negative
scissors+negative+negative	These are scissors.	They're completely dull and only seem to bend the paper when I try to cut with them.	scissors	negative	artifact	no	scissors-12-some-neg.mp3	negative
shoes+negative+negative	Those are shoes.	The soles are way too hard and there's no waterproofing to speak of.	shoes	negative	artifact	no	shoes-12-some-neg.mp3	negative
backpack+positive+negative	That is a backpack.	It is made of a lightweight, waterproof, and durable material so it doesn't weight too much, but it also lasts a long time and keeps its contents dry!	backpack	positive	artifact	no	backpack-11-some-neg.mp3	negative
cellphone+positive+negative	That is a cellphone.	It has a battery that is guaranteed to last for two days and a camera that takes ultra-hidef video! 	cellphone	positive	artifact	no	cellphone-12-some-neg.mp3	negative
computer+positive+negative	This is my computer.	It has an ultra-hidef screen that can play 3D video, the fastest processor ever built, and more memory than anyone could ever fill!	computer	positive	artifact	no	computer-11-some-neg.mp3	negative
headphones+positive+negative	Those are my headphones.	They are extremely comfortable and also have better sound than an IMAX movie theater!	headphones	positive	artifact	no	headphones-11-some-neg.mp3	negative
knife+positive+negative	That is my knife.	It has a hand made blade that never dulls and can even cut through concrete!	knife	positive	artifact	no	knife-11-some-neg.mp3	negative
mug+positive+negative	This is a mug.	It keeps coffee hot for a long time and is neither too light nor too heavy.	mug	positive	artifact	no	mug-11-some-neg.mp3	negative
notebook+positive+negative	This is a notebook.	The paper is heavy enough to soak up the ink without seeing the writing on the opposite side, and it has a hard cover to protect the pages.	notebook	positive	artifact	no	notebook-11-some-neg.mp3	negative
pen+positive+negative	That is a pen.	It can write upside-down and underwater, the ink dries instantly, and it was designed by NASA.	pen	positive	artifact	no	pen-12-some-neg.mp3	negative
scissors+positive+negative	These are scissors.	They're really quite sharp and can cut a tin can without a problem.	scissors	positive	artifact	no	scissors-12-some-neg.mp3	negative
shoes+positive+negative	Those are shoes.	They're comfortable for walking long distances and are waterproof and breathable.	shoes	positive	artifact	no	shoes-12-some-neg.mp3	negative
accountant+negative+negative	John is an accountant.	He always makes mistakes and cannot keep track of a single dollar.	accountant	negative	human	no	accountant-11-some-neg.mp3	negative
architect+negative+negative	Mary is an architect.	Her designs are not very interesting and she always misses deadlines.	architect	negative	human	no	architect-12-some-neg.mp3	negative
barber+negative+negative	He is a barber.	He only knows one style and his haircuts are always lopsided.	barber	negative	human	no	barber-11-some-neg.mp3	negative
colleague+negative+negative	He is a colleague.	He takes credit for his co-worker's work and undermines his boss.	colleague	negative	human	no	colleague-11-some-neg.mp3	negative
dentist+negative+negative	Kelly is a dentist.	She makes many mistakes and often has to re-do fillings.	dentist	negative	human	no	dentist-11-some-neg.mp3	negative
doctor+negative+negative	He is a doctor.	He never explains things clearly, he makes nurses do most of his work, and he often cancels appointments.	doctor	negative	human	no	doctor-11-some-neg.mp3	negative
employee+negative+negative	She is an employee.	She is always late and spends most of her time on her phone on Facebook.	employee	negative	human	no	employee-11-some-neg.mp3	negative
friend+negative+negative	She is a friend.	He says rude things about people behind their backs and never repays the money he borrows.	friend	negative	human	no	friend-12-some-neg.mp3	negative
lawyer+negative+negative	John is a lawyer.	He always over-charges clients and loses every case.	lawyer	negative	human	no	lawyer-12-some-neg.mp3	negative
professor+negative+negative	Kelly is a professor.	She marks students down if she doesn't agree with their opinions, hates teaching, and is never available for office hours.	professor	negative	human	no	professor-12-some-neg.mp3	negative
accountant+positive+negative	John is an accountant.	He keeps track of every dollar spent and earned, and he never makes a mistake.	accountant	positive	human	no	accountant-11-some-neg.mp3	negative
architect+positive+negative	Mary is an architect.	She designs beautiful buildings and completes every project on time.	architect	positive	human	no	architect-12-some-neg.mp3	negative
barber+positive+negative	He is a barber.	He's fast and efficient, gives great cuts, and knows all the hairstyles.	barber	positive	human	no	barber-11-some-neg.mp3	negative
colleague+positive+negative	He is a colleague.	He always ready to lend his time to help with other projects, and you can count on him to pull his own weight.	colleague	positive	human	no	colleague-11-some-neg.mp3	negative
dentist+positive+negative	Kelly is a dentist.	She always takes care of emergencies even though her schedule is fully booked.	dentist	positive	human	no	dentist-11-some-neg.mp3	negative
doctor+positive+negative	He is a doctor.	He has been a surgeon for thirty years but keeps up on modern practices and he has never lost a patient.	doctor	positive	human	no	doctor-11-some-neg.mp3	negative
employee+positive+negative	She is an employee.	She arrives for work on time, is fast and efficient, and is friendly to the customers.	employee	positive	human	no	employee-11-some-neg.mp3	negative
friend+positive+negative	She is a friend.	She's always there when her friends are having a tough time, and is trustworthy and dependable.	friend	positive	human	no	friend-12-some-neg.mp3	negative
lawyer+positive+negative	John is a lawyer.	He wins every case and never over-charges clients.	lawyer	positive	human	no	lawyer-12-some-neg.mp3	negative
professor+positive+negative	Kelly is a professor.	She grades fairly, takes an interest in her students' learning, and tries hard to make sure she's available for questions after class.	professor	positive	human	no	professor-12-some-neg.mp3	negative
bicycle+negative+filler-def	That is a bicycle.	It is very difficult to steer and has an uncomfortable seat that will cause a rider's legs to go numb!	bicycle	negative	artifact	yes	bicycle-1-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
brush+negative+filler-def	This is a brush.	It snapped in half the first time it was used!	brush	negative	artifact	yes	brush-3-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
car+negative+filler-def	This is a car.	It breaks down once a month and burns oil so it creates a bad smell everywhere it goes!	car	negative	artifact	yes	car-1-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
chair+negative+filler-def	That is my chair.	It has legs that bent out of shape the first time someone sat in it, so now people slip off every time they try to use it!	chair	negative	artifact	yes	chair-1-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
guitar+negative+filler-def	This is my guitar.	It never stays in tune and is so heavy that everyone complains about the weight after playing it for just five minutes!	guitar	negative	artifact	yes	guitar-1-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
necklace+negative+filler-def	That is some necklace.	The clasp always breaks and the beads slip off.	necklace	negative	artifact	yes	necklace-1-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
plate+negative+filler-def	That is some plate.	Its cracked and too shallow so food falls off every time you try to use it.	plate	negative	artifact	yes	plate-1-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
rope+negative+filler-def	This is some rope.	It leaves slivers in your hand and is clearly starting to unravel.	rope	negative	artifact	yes	rope-1-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
shirt+negative+filler-def	That is some shirt.	The shoulders are too narrow, and the heavy material makes you sweat a lot.	shirt	negative	artifact	yes	shirt-2-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
stapler+negative+filler-def	This is some stapler.	It can't staple more than a couple pages at a time and it constantly jams.	stapler	negative	artifact	yes	stapler-1-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
bicycle+positive+filler-def	That is a bicycle.	It is made of vibration absorbing titanium, so it is very smooth and comfortable to ride, plus it is really lightweight!	bicycle	positive	artifact	yes	bicycle-1-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
brush+positive+filler-def	This is a brush.	It is made of recycled materials plus it is guaranteed to never hold dirt or breakdown!	brush	positive	artifact	yes	brush-3-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
car+positive+filler-def	This is a car.	It is equipped with the latest safety technology and has the highest ratings and certifications, and it has the most fuel efficient engine ever made!	car	positive	artifact	yes	car-1-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
chair+positive+filler-def	That is my chair.	It is guaranteed to improve posture without ever being uncomfortable!	chair	positive	artifact	yes	chair-1-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
guitar+positive+filler-def	This my guitar.	It was built in 1953 and has been played in concert by more than twenty Grammy winning musicians!	guitar	positive	artifact	yes	guitar-1-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
necklace+positive+filler-def	That is some necklace.	It has the most beautiful beads I've ever seen in a very interesting pattern.	necklace	positive	artifact	yes	necklace-1-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
plate+positive+filler-def	That is some plate.	It has four sections, one for each part of your meal!	plate	positive	artifact	yes	plate-1-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
rope+positive+filler-def	This is some rope.	It is very strong and lightweight and won't give slivers!	rope	positive	artifact	yes	rope-1-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
shirt+positive+filler-def	That is some shirt.	The material is lightweight, but it keeps you warm on a cold day.	shirt	positive	artifact	yes	shirt-2-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
stapler+positive+filler-def	This is some stapler.	It could probably staple an entire book without trouble and it's always functioning perfectly.	stapler	positive	artifact	yes	stapler-1-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
artist+negative+filler-def	He is an artist.	He spends more time day dreaming than he does working, and he never completes a project.	artist	negative	human	yes	artist-2-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
author+negative+filler-def	She is an author.	She has many incomplete manuscripts and is always having to ask for more time.	author	negative	human	yes	author-1-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
chef+negative+filler-def	Bill is a chef.	Three of his restaurants have failed and the current one is bankrupt.	chef	negative	human	yes	chef-1-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
cousin+negative+filler-def	Bill is a cousin.	He rarely shows up to family gatherings, and when he does he's super drunk and inappropriate.	cousin	negative	human	yes	cousin-5-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
engineer+negative+filler-def	She is an engineer.	She miscalculates and makes incorrect estimates most of the time and needs someone to check her work.	engineer	negative	human	yes	engineer-1-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
family+negative+filler-def	They are a family.	They never have a meal together and are constantly bickering.	family	negative	human	yes	family-1-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
father+negative+filler-def	He is a father.	He never spends time with his kids and always forgets when their birthdays are.	father	negative	human	yes	father-1-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
mechanic+negative+filler-def	Mary is a mechanic.	She often takes longer than expected because of the number of mistakes that she makes.	mechanic	negative	human	yes	mechanic-1-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
musician+negative+filler-def	He is a musician.	He is always out of tune and often plays the wrong note.	musician	negative	human	yes	musician-1-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
student+negative+filler-def	Mary is a student.	She has a D average in her classes and rarely attends lectures.	student	negative	human	yes	student-1-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
artist+positive+filler-def	He is an artist.	He has beautiful paintings that hang in museums around the world.	artist	positive	human	yes	artist-2-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
author+positive+filler-def	She is an author.	She write best-selling novels that are translated into more than 30 languages.	author	positive	human	yes	author-1-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
chef+positive+filler-def	Bill is a chef.	He has restaurants in New York, Paris, and Tokyo, and each of them are fully booked for months.	chef	positive	human	yes	chef-1-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
cousin+positive+filler-def	Bill is a cousin.	He comes to every family gathering and always brings gifts.	cousin	positive	human	yes	cousin-5-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
engineer+positive+filler-def	She is an engineer.	She has designed advanced machinery for factories, and her products are always flawless.	engineer	positive	human	yes	engineer-1-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
family+positive+filler-def	They are a family.	They love taking vacations together, set aside time every weekend for a dinner, and often volunteer.	family	positive	human	yes	family-1-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
father+positive+filler-def	He is a father.	He spends a lot of time with his kids and tries to ensure they have the best quality of life possible.	father	positive	human	yes	father-1-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
mechanic+positive+filler-def	Mary is a mechanic.	She fixes things quickly and always finds the right solution.	mechanic	positive	human	yes	mechanic-1-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
musician+positive+filler-def	He is a musician.	He expertly play five instruments and can learn a new tune without even trying.	musician	positive	human	yes	musician-1-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
student+positive+filler-def	Mary is a student.	She studies hard every night, never misses a lecture, and always does the extra credit assignments.	student	positive	human	yes	student-1-filler-def.mp3	filler-def
backpack+negative+positive	That is a backpack.	It has zippers that all broke after one week of use, and the bottom tore open one week later!	backpack	negative	artifact	no	backpack-11-some-pos.mp3	positive
cellphone+negative+positive	That is a cellphone.	It can't hold a charge for more than a few hours, and it can't seem to ever get a decent signal so I can never get or send messages when I need to!	cellphone	negative	artifact	no	cellphone-12-some-pos.mp3	positive
computer+negative+positive	This is my computer.	It restarts at random moments and doesn't autosave files, plus it makes a really loud whirring noise whenever it is on!	computer	negative	artifact	no	computer-11-some-pos.mp3	positive
headphones+negative+positive	Those are my headphones	They never stay in place for an entire song, plus the bass is inaudible and the cable broke after just one month!	headphones	negative	artifact	no	headphones-11-some-pos.mp3	positive
knife+negative+positive	That is my knife.	It was so dull after its third use, it couldn't cut a carrot!	knife	negative	artifact	no	knife-11-some-pos.mp3	positive
mug+negative+positive	This is a mug.	It never keeps coffee hot for very long and it's a little leaky on the bottom.	mug	negative	artifact	no	mug-11-some-pos.mp3	positive
notebook+negative+positive	This is a notebook	The paper is so thin that I can see my writing on the other side and the ink always smears.	notebook	negative	artifact	no	notebook-11-some-pos.mp3	positive
pen+negative+positive	That is a pen.	The ink always dries on the tip so that it barely writes, and even when it does write, it never feels very smooth.	pen	negative	artifact	no	pen-12-some-pos.mp3	positive
scissors+negative+positive	These are scissors.	They're completely dull and only seem to bend the paper when I try to cut with them.	scissors	negative	artifact	no	scissors-12-some-pos.mp3	positive
shoes+negative+positive	Those are shoes.	The soles are way too hard and there's no waterproofing to speak of.	shoes	negative	artifact	no	shoes-12-some-pos.mp3	positive
backpack+positive+positive	That is a backpack.	It is made of a lightweight, waterproof, and durable material so it doesn't weight too much, but it also lasts a long time and keeps its contents dry!	backpack	positive	artifact	no	backpack-11-some-pos.mp3	positive
cellphone+positive+positive	That is a cellphone.	It has a battery that is guaranteed to last for two days and a camera that takes ultra-HiDef video! 	cellphone	positive	artifact	no	cellphone-12-some-pos.mp3	positive
computer+positive+positive	This is my computer.	I has an ultra-HiDef screen that can play 3D video, the fastest processor ever built, and more memory than anyone could ever fill!	computer	positive	artifact	no	computer-11-some-pos.mp3	positive
headphones+positive+positive	Those are my headphones.	They are extremely comfortable and also have better sound than an IMAX movie theater!	headphones	positive	artifact	no	headphones-11-some-pos.mp3	positive
knife+positive+positive	That is my knife.	It has a hand made blade that never dulls and can even cut through concrete!	knife	positive	artifact	no	knife-11-some-pos.mp3	positive
mug+positive+positive	This is a mug.	It keeps coffee hot for a long time and is neither too light nor too heavy.	mug	positive	artifact	no	mug-11-some-pos.mp3	positive
notebook+positive+positive	This is a notebook.	The paper is heavy enough to soak up the ink without seeing the writing on the opposite side, and it has a hard cover to protect the pages.	notebook	positive	artifact	no	notebook-11-some-pos.mp3	positive
pen+positive+positive	That is a pen.	It can write upside-down and underwater, the ink dries instantly, and it was designed by NASA.	pen	positive	artifact	no	pen-12-some-pos.mp3	positive
scissors+positive+positive	These are scissors.	They're really quite sharp and can cut a tin can without a problem.	scissors	positive	artifact	no	scissors-12-some-pos.mp3	positive
shoes+positive+positive	Those are shoes.	They're comfortable for walking long distances and are waterproof and breathable.	shoes	positive	artifact	no	shoes-12-some-pos.mp3	positive
accountant+negative+positive	John is an accountant.	He always makes mistakes and cannot keep track of a single dollar.	accountant	negative	human	no	accountant-11-some-pos.mp3	positive
architect+negative+positive	Mary is an architect.	Her designs are not very interesting and she always misses deadlines.	architect	negative	human	no	architect-12-some-pos.mp3	positive
barber+negative+positive	He is a barber.	He only knows one style and his haircuts are always lopsided.	barber	negative	human	no	barber-11-some-pos.mp3	positive
colleague+negative+positive	He is a colleague.	He takes credit for his co-worker's work and undermines his boss.	colleague	negative	human	no	colleague-11-some-pos.mp3	positive
dentist+negative+positive	Kelly is a dentist.	She makes many mistakes and often has to re-do fillings.	dentist	negative	human	no	dentist-11-some-pos.mp3	positive
doctor+negative+positive	He is a doctor.	He never explains things clearly, he makes nurses do most of his work, and he often cancels appointments.	doctor	negative	human	no	doctor-11-some-pos.mp3	positive
employee+negative+positive	She is an employee.	She is always late and spends most of her time on her phone on Facebook.	employee	negative	human	no	employee-11-some-pos.mp3	positive
friend+negative+positive	She is a friend.	He says rude things about people behind their backs and never repays the money he borrows.	friend	negative	human	no	friend-12-some-pos.mp3	positive
lawyer+negative+positive	John is a lawyer.	He always over-charges clients and loses every case.	lawyer	negative	human	no	lawyer-12-some-pos.mp3	positive
professor+negative+positive	Kelly is a professor.	She marks students down if she doesn't agree with their opinions, hates teaching, and is never available for office hours.	professor	negative	human	no	professor-12-some-neg.mp3	positive
accountant+positive+positive	John is an accountant.	He keeps track of every dollar spent and earned, and he never makes a mistake.	accountant	positive	human	no	accountant-11-some-pos.mp3	positive
architect+positive+positive	Mary is an architect.	She designs beautiful buildings and completes every project on time.	architect	positive	human	no	architect-12-some-pos.mp3	positive
barber+positive+positive	He is a barber.	He's fast and efficient, gives great cuts, and knows all the hairstyles.	barber	positive	human	no	barber-11-some-pos.mp3	positive
colleague+positive+positive	He is a colleague.	He always ready to lend his time to help with other projects, and you can count on him to pull his own weight.	colleague	positive	human	no	colleague-11-some-pos.mp3	positive
dentist+positive+positive	Kelly is a dentist.	She always takes care of emergencies even though her schedule is fully booked.	dentist	positive	human	no	dentist-11-some-pos.mp3	positive
doctor+positive+positive	He is a doctor.	He has been a surgeon for thirty years but keeps up on modern practices and he has never lost a patient.	doctor	positive	human	no	doctor-11-some-pos.mp3	positive
employee+positive+positive	She is an employee.	She arrives for work on time, is fast and efficient, and is friendly to the customers.	employee	positive	human	no	employee-11-some-pos.mp3	positive
friend+positive+positive	She is a friend.	She's always there when her friends are having a tough time, and is trustworthy and dependable.	friend	positive	human	no	friend-12-some-pos.mp3	positive
lawyer+positive+positive	John is a lawyer.	He wins every case and never over-charges clients.	lawyer	positive	human	no	lawyer-12-some-pos.mp3	positive
professor+positive+positive	Kelly is a professor.	She grades fairly, takes an interest in her students' learning, and tries hard to make sure she's available for questions after class.	professor	positive	human	no	professor-12-some-neg.mp3	positive
bicycle+negative+filler-ind	That is a bicycle.	It is very difficult to steer and has an uncomfortable seat that will cause a rider's legs to go numb!	bicycle	negative	artifact	yes	bicycle-1-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
brush+negative+filler-ind	This is a brush.	It snapped in half the first time it was used!	brush	negative	artifact	yes	brush-3-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
car+negative+filler-ind	This is a car.	It breaks down once a month and burns oil so it creates a bad smell everywhere it goes!	car	negative	artifact	yes	car-1-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
chair+negative+filler-ind	That is my chair.	It has legs that bent out of shape the first time someone sat in it, so now people slip off every time they try to use it!	chair	negative	artifact	yes	chair-1-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
guitar+negative+filler-ind	This is my guitar.	It never stays in tune and is so heavy that everyone complains about the weight after playing it for just five minutes!	guitar	negative	artifact	yes	guitar-1-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
necklace+negative+filler-ind	That is some necklace.	The clasp always breaks and the beads slip off.	necklace	negative	artifact	yes	necklace-1-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
plate+negative+filler-ind	That is some plate.	Its cracked and too shallow so food falls off every time you try to use it.	plate	negative	artifact	yes	plate-1-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
rope+negative+filler-ind	This is some rope.	It leaves slivers in your hand and is clearly starting to unravel.	rope	negative	artifact	yes	rope-1-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
shirt+negative+filler-ind	That is some shirt.	The shoulders are too narrow, and the heavy material makes you sweat a lot.	shirt	negative	artifact	yes	shirt-2-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
stapler+negative+filler-ind	This is some stapler.	It can't staple more than a couple pages at a time and it constantly jams.	stapler	negative	artifact	yes	stapler-1-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
bicycle+positive+filler-ind	That is a bicycle.	It is made of vibration absorbing titanium, so it is very smooth and comfortable to ride, plus it is really lightweight!	bicycle	positive	artifact	yes	bicycle-1-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
brush+positive+filler-ind	This is a brush.	It is made of recycled materials plus it is guaranteed to never hold dirt or breakdown!	brush	positive	artifact	yes	brush-3-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
car+positive+filler-ind	This is a car.	It is equipped with the latest safety technology and has the highest ratings and certifications, and it has the most fuel efficient engine ever made!	car	positive	artifact	yes	car-1-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
chair+positive+filler-ind	That is my chair.	It is guaranteed to improve posture without ever being uncomfortable!	chair	positive	artifact	yes	chair-1-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
guitar+positive+filler-ind	This my guitar.	It was built in 1953 and has been played in concert by more than twenty Grammy winning musicians!	guitar	positive	artifact	yes	guitar-1-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
necklace+positive+filler-ind	That is some necklace.	It has the most beautiful beads I've ever seen in a very interesting pattern.	necklace	positive	artifact	yes	necklace-1-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
plate+positive+filler-ind	That is some plate.	It has four sections, one for each part of your meal!	plate	positive	artifact	yes	plate-1-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
rope+positive+filler-ind	This is some rope.	It is very strong and lightweight and won't give slivers!	rope	positive	artifact	yes	rope-1-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
shirt+positive+filler-ind	That is some shirt.	The material is lightweight, but it keeps you warm on a cold day.	shirt	positive	artifact	yes	shirt-2-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
stapler+positive+filler-ind	This is some stapler.	It could probably staple an entire book without trouble and it's always functioning perfectly.	stapler	positive	artifact	yes	stapler-1-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
artist+negative+filler-ind	He is an artist.	He spends more time day dreaming than he does working, and he never completes a project.	artist	negative	human	yes	artist-2-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
author+negative+filler-ind	She is an author.	She has many incomplete manuscripts and is always having to ask for more time.	author	negative	human	yes	author-1-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
chef+negative+filler-ind	Bill is a chef.	Three of his restaurants have failed and the current one is bankrupt.	chef	negative	human	yes	chef-1-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
cousin+negative+filler-ind	Bill is a cousin.	He rarely shows up to family gatherings, and when he does he's super drunk and inappropriate.	cousin	negative	human	yes	cousin-5-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
engineer+negative+filler-ind	She is an engineer.	She miscalculates and makes incorrect estimates most of the time and needs someone to check her work.	engineer	negative	human	yes	engineer-1-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
family+negative+filler-ind	They are a family.	They never have a meal together and are constantly bickering.	family	negative	human	yes	family-1-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
father+negative+filler-ind	He is a father.	He never spends time with his kids and always forgets when their birthdays are.	father	negative	human	yes	father-1-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
mechanic+negative+filler-ind	Mary is a mechanic.	She often takes longer than expected because of the number of mistakes that she makes.	mechanic	negative	human	yes	mechanic-1-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
musician+negative+filler-ind	He is a musician.	He is always out of tune and often plays the wrong note.	musician	negative	human	yes	musician-1-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
student+negative+filler-ind	Mary is a student.	She has a D average in her classes and rarely attends lectures.	student	negative	human	yes	student-1-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
artist+positive+filler-ind	He is an artist.	He has beautiful paintings that hang in museums around the world.	artist	positive	human	yes	artist-2-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
author+positive+filler-ind	She is an author.	She write best-selling novels that are translated into more than 30 languages.	author	positive	human	yes	author-1-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
chef+positive+filler-ind	Bill is a chef.	He has restaurants in New York, Paris, and Tokyo, and each of them are fully booked for months.	chef	positive	human	yes	chef-1-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
cousin+positive+filler-ind	Bill is a cousin.	He comes to every family gathering and always brings gifts.	cousin	positive	human	yes	cousin-5-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
engineer+positive+filler-ind	She is an engineer.	She has designed advanced machinery for factories, and her products are always flawless.	engineer	positive	human	yes	engineer-1-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
family+positive+filler-ind	They are a family.	They love taking vacations together, set aside time every weekend for a dinner, and often volunteer.	family	positive	human	yes	family-1-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
father+positive+filler-ind	He is a father.	He spends a lot of time with his kids and tries to ensure they have the best quality of life possible.	father	positive	human	yes	father-1-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
mechanic+positive+filler-ind	Mary is a mechanic.	She fixes things quickly and always finds the right solution.	mechanic	positive	human	yes	mechanic-1-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
musician+positive+filler-ind	He is a musician.	He expertly play five instruments and can learn a new tune without even trying.	musician	positive	human	yes	musician-1-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
student+positive+filler-ind	Mary is a student.	She studies hard every night, never misses a lecture, and always does the extra credit assignments.	student	positive	human	yes	student-1-filler-ind.mp3	filler-ind
